cleanup: spv-wallet toolkit documentation (#37)
bitcoin-sv/bsv-skills-center: network-topology/applications/spv-wallet/components/web-admin.md

description: Hosted control console for service management.
---

# Web Admin

> This is a UI for the SPV Wallet server which allows inspection of stored data and metadata. It allows manual addition of user accounts, and making a paymail transactions. Helpful if you're ever trying to troubleshoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a UI for the SPV Wallet server that allows you to inspect stored data and metadata. It enables the manual addition of user accounts and facilitates paymail transactions. This tool is especially helpful for troubleshooting purposes.
```
